# hello-world
Creating the world as I see it, forever blooming. 

I thrive in leadership roles in fast-paced, creative business environments.

I was born and raised in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, a small port city off the coast of the Atlantic. I took classes in painting, drawing, sculpture, printmaking, installation, performance art, sound art, video, and photography at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston as well as the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. At the age of 17, I moved to Zaragoza, Spain to complete my high school education at School Year Abroad. Upon returning to the United States, I moved to New Orleans, LA and enrolled at Tulane University where I graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of the Arts in Philosophy and Digital Media Productions. I have worked in the film industry as a Casting Associate and Web Administrator, Film Director, Film Extra, Technical Aide, Film Selectionner, and as a Membership Consultant for the American Pavilion at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. I have helped to produce three music, art and film festivals by Klos Enkounters LLC. I have been hired to represent brands in entertainment, food and solar energy. I have experience in retail sales in high-end jewelry and fashion environments. In 2016, my love of natural products led me to pursue a Post-Baccalaureate Certificate in Herbal Studies with a focus in Herbal Product Design. I am currently the Office Manager of Paper Doll Promotions and Kern Model, Talent & Entertainment Agency.
